Documentation improvement (#101)
lxylxy123456/ngshare: docs/api/course.rst

^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^
*Remove a course instructor (admins)*

> Submissions of the instructor are not removed from the course.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The instructor's submissions are not removed from the course.
```

> Submissions of the instructor are not removed from the course's assignments.

Reviewer: Can we change this to "The instructor's submissions are not removed from the course" or something along those lines.

^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^
*Remove a student (instructors only)*

> Submissions of the student are not removed from the course (visible to instructors).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The student's submissions are not removed from the course (visible to instructors).
```

> Response

Reviewer: Same here, "The student's submissions are not removed from the course"
